README.md, before:

![main](https://github.com/micheltlutz/dev-challenge/actions/workflows/python-tests.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/micheltlutz/dev-challenge/graph/badge.svg?token=UvaQd65VVD)](https://codecov.io/gh/micheltlutz/dev-challenge)
[![codebeat badge](https://codebeat.co/badges/7a32bbcb-c4da-48c2-b2f1-9118b3e6a37f)](https://codebeat.co/projects/github-com-micheltlutz-dev-challenge-main)


![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi)

# Development challenge

This project was designed to strengthen the studies of professionals working in web, mobile, and back-end development, offering a range of practical challenges.

For front-end developers, we provide a ready-to-use API set up to run in a Docker environment. This API includes routes for listings, authentication, user creation, login, among other features. This allows the developer to focus primarily on the design and implementation of interfaces.

The challenge set for back-end developers is to replicate the already developed routes in their preferred programming language and then produce relevant documentation.


### This **README** is currently divided into two parts:

In Instructions for challengers you will find instructions for completing the challenge by creating an interface, whether web or mobile, for the routes existing in the project documentation and also challenges for creating the same routes using your preferred programming language.
- [Instructions and challenges](readme_files/challenged.md)

In Instructions for contributors you will find instructions to contribute to the project, whether to correct bugs or add new features.
- [Instructions for contributors](readme_files/contributors.md)

Commit message:

Update to version 1.2.0 Readme files with UI screens

README.md, after:

![main](https://github.com/micheltlutz/dev-challenge/actions/workflows/python-tests.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/micheltlutz/dev-challenge/graph/badge.svg?token=UvaQd65VVD)](https://codecov.io/gh/micheltlutz/dev-challenge)
[![codebeat badge](https://codebeat.co/badges/7a32bbcb-c4da-48c2-b2f1-9118b3e6a37f)](https://codebeat.co/projects/github-com-micheltlutz-dev-challenge-main)


![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi)

# Development challenge

This project aims to enrich the studies of professionals working in web, mobile, and back-end development by offering a series of practical challenges.

For **Front-End Web** and **Mobile** developers, we provide [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/Q44nlEVrODE7W6iBFRVPZL/Desafio-para-devs---App-%2F-Dashboard-%7C-UX%2FUI?type=design&node-id=1%3A4&mode=design&t=1oLA9vtlXknWRtig-1) with screen flows, components, and a ready-to-use style guide to streamline the construction process and provide a development experience closer to reality. 
Additionally, the project includes an **API** ready for use, configured to run in a Docker environment or online, published by us. This API includes routes for listings, authentication, user creation, login, among other functionalities, allowing developers to focus primarily on design and interface implementation.

For **back-end** developers, the challenge is to replicate the already developed routes in their preferred programming language and then produce relevant documentation.

### This **README** is currently divided into two parts:

In Instructions for challengers you will find instructions for completing the challenge by creating an interface, whether web or mobile, for the routes existing in the project documentation and also challenges for creating the same routes using your preferred programming language.
- [Instructions and challenges](readme_files/challenged.md)

In Instructions for contributors you will find instructions to contribute to the project, whether to correct bugs or add new features.
- [Instructions for contributors](readme_files/contributors.md)


## Acknowledgments:

I would like to express my sincere gratitude to my friend and colleague [Aline Moraes](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alinegermanodemoraes/) for the excellent UI and UX work done for these challenges.


## Non-profit project:

The entire development of this project was done voluntarily, with the purpose of supporting professionals interested in enhancing their skills. At no time should this project be used for commercial purposes. Use it to support your team, mentoring, and students, and if possible, make the proper references.
